make career for google video and at
google a student imagine the new
microsoft visual identity the ratio
mac / pc reaches historical level
hi to all and the precious days yes
I am
google just announced the end of google
video the platform of claude and
sharing video content that
did not accept submission from
2009 was clearly duplicated with
youtube also owned by google
if that end was planned that of
google is however more surprising
igoogle and the home page
customizable from google she will you
allows to add widgets for the
weather news feeds from
calendar and other various tools
all accessible from your page
igoogle's main focus was
jumps competitor but like igoogle
this one never really took off
to the general public for all those
who were addicted to their home page
personalized igoogle
you will still have until the 1st
November 2013 to enjoy it date to
which service will disappear
his name is stamped but he is 21 years old and
he is a student of design in dhr he
just made a project rather
original in three days the student has
simply redefines the identity
complete visual of microsoft an image
modern and trendy which concerns the
brand microsoft but also on facebook
son andrew who makes you a finding
simple microsoft products are
outdated representing the world of
the company which would be penalizing
for the overall image of the brand and its
more mainstream products like kinect
his project is obviously not at all
commissioned by microsoft it is rather a
exercise of style but he managed to
to talk about him in a few hours
his work has thus toured the
world
the andrew kim project is therefore a
interesting track to help microsoft
to become again the cool company she
was at least 15 years ago
the mac vs. pc war has been raging ever since
a long time but laura sion between
pc sales and sales of mac
today reaches a historic threshold
while in 2004 it was sold 50 times
more pc than mac the ratio fell
today only fifteen times he
is again equivalent to that of 1985
date that marks the beginning of the long
microsoft air career in the
world of personal computers
this figure is even more
impressive that we know he
there is only one manufacturer of snacks
against tens producing
pc the health of apple is looking good and
despite higher prices than pc the
macbook pro is one of the computers the
more sold in the united states
and as tablets are also
considered computers
in the statistics of
sales
the ipad's dominance only makes
strengthen this trend
it's over for today
find tomorrow new background
shares of the high tech planet
hi to all